So I want to show you
a really cool CloudWatch logs feature called Live Tail.
So first let's create a log group
and I'll call this one demo log group
and then create it.
We click on it and then we're going
to create a log stream called DemoLogStream.
Let's create it and click on it
and then we are in it.
So we can start tailing.
Here's the button start tailing and what this means,
and I will just keep the other one open in the back page.
So we have access to here our log stream,
and here we clicked on Live Tail
and we are in the Live Tail setting.
So here this is a Live Tail UI
and we have filtered on a specific demo log group
and then demo log stream as a log stream.
This is optional.
You can choose to specify or not a log stream.
Then you apply your filter
and this is going to wait for log events
that match your filter.
So that means that as events are being posted
into Cloudwatch logs,
they are going to appear here in our Live Tail,
which could be very helpful for your debugging needs.
So let's do an example.
So we're going to go into our
demo log stream again, in here,
and under actions we're going to create a log event
and we'll have hello world
so we can create a log event and post it.
So now hello world has been posted
and if you go into your Live Tail,
as you can see it has appeared.
So this is quite a nice way
because if you have log streaming very fast,
it can all appear here.
And then from this we can get more information
around when this happened, the group and so on.
And then we can click here
to get a link into the direct log stream it happened into.
So it's just a very cool,
very easy feature to debug your CloudWatch logs.
And from a pricing perspective,
you only get a few hours a day,
so maybe one hour a day of free usage of Live Tail.
So please make sure to cancel
and close your lifestyle session
so that you don't have any cost,
but you have one hour of free every day.
So this is quite nice.
Alright, so that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.